Gwenevere Abriel: Again,
Magan: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got good audio good video you can hear me and see me okay
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm having everyone I'm have a very separate zoom
Because
Gwenevere Abriel: It just works better for for zoom that they're separated versus one continuous session because I meet with people back to back.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I'm breaking them up so I didn't mean to hang up on you. It's
Freezing
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: How you doing,
Magan: Okay, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just a little cold.
Magan: Did you ever get sucked up now that you've seen the
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I went out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know stocked up but maybe I definitely got stuff. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Went out my plan is to go out the this Saturday. I'm the designated shopper. So I'll go out again, I'm not looking forward to it.
Magan: Or you like masking up and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I MASK up yeah and I leave everything I actually do it much the way you do it. Everything stays in the garage. It doesn't come in. If I can transfer it from one thing to a ziplock none of my clothes, my shoes. Everything stays out there three to four days before it comes in, um,
Yeah.
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody is like, Oh, you're, you know, you're over the top and slowly. They're getting the information and they're like, oh yeah, you're right, it is on the floor with your shoes. And I'm like,
Magan: Yeah, it is.
Magan: You track it through everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the dog. So the dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eats off the floor. The kids kiss the dog and I kissed the dog and right so
Magan: Against to me, even though
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like, just the dog. So I'm like, no, we can't track this stuff in.
Magan: Yeah, I completely get it the dog. We let him stay outside I'm letting the kids go in the backyard, they're going, they're going insane going insane. Yeah. No, I get it.
Magan: But
Magan: I am I woke up yesterday and well the last few days I've been running a fever. So I have. Yeah.
Magan: Yeah, I was running a fever and then hey, it's low grade the highest I got was
Magan: And then
Magan: I've just been I think it's allergy symptoms but like I woke up and my voice was worse.
Magan: And
Gwenevere Abriel: No dry cough. No.
Magan: No, okay. No, nothing like that. And I think it's just stressed has gotten has caught up. That is what I think has happened. And so I called into work last night, just to make sure, because if I go into work and I sound like that people are going to freak out. So, but
Magan: I because I called in and I spoke to one of my co workers, she answered it, I was like, hi. Megan She was like,
Magan: And I found it worse than this, but she was like, oh my god.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's something about having that voice that the believability is high, you know, they're like, Okay. Yeah, I can hear the sound force.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah alright so
Gwenevere Abriel: But what was it like for you. Let's talk about your calling out that that is does not happen very often. So what came up for you around. I'm going to call out, given all of what's going on in your work life.
Gwenevere Abriel: what that was like.
Magan: Well, I don't like calling out because I like to be held accountable.
Magan: But so
Magan: A situation happened last week, which really really really pissed me off.
Magan: I was lead in the room.
Magan: And I had a very new employee with me. He hasn't even been there for six months, yet so I wasn't charged because there was no supervisor there because it was their day off.
Magan: So I was the one who is handling it. And we had an inflated emergency and so I dispatched officers on it. I just touch 4355 and the call is happening. So the symptoms are gentlemen were respiratory symptoms.
Magan: And he passed out in the airplane.
Magan: And he was coughing and he had a low grade fever.
Magan: So they don't
Magan: Pee pee and they went in and
Magan: Out. So when I called up 60 which is like the manager of the airport that night. That's on call. I told them, they're donating their gear.
Magan: But they, I didn't say p, p, and because I said that I got in trouble.
Magan: And I was like, well, wait a second. The call did turn out like an hour and a half later, the officers and the ambulance people
Magan: Said, they're treating it as a code case possible the case right and they sent him to the hospital.
Magan: And then shit you're not in that call in the middle of that call another call 43 in flight emergency happens in the same flight.
Magan: 18 year old kid is having seizures. So all that is happening at one time and I'm trying my best to handle it like a boss.
Magan: And meditating to James, what you need to do what I need to do a cover all my bases I notated everything, but when I relayed that information to up 60. The next day I came in and I got pulled into the office with the big boss.
Magan: And the big boss tells me
Magan: You should not have said coated you cause chaos. Is it. No, I didn't cause chaos. I didn't see it on the radio. I didn't say it to the public. I sent it to a supervisor within my chain of command and that's exactly what they were doing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, aren't your calls recorded campaign just cross A.
Magan: Look there sure this your word and he plays it back and he said you said the word coconut. I was like, okay, so you're upset with me because I treated a covert calls a coven call
Magan: And he goes, Well, we just need to be careful of what we're saying. And we need to relate to the correct information as it's being said
Magan: PASTOR SAID, p, p, you said Kofi here. I said, okay, fair enough. I take responsibility for for not relaying the correct information. However,
Magan: You then after they confirm that they were going to treat it as a co a positive closer case you let all 91 people that were on that plane into the terminal.
Magan: You let 91 people into the terminal. I was like, what is that Chris was like when we're supposed to be quarantine.
Magan: And he goes, that that's been taken care of.
Magan: And everybody's just
Magan: Yeah, he's being really, really hush hush about it, upper management, even my own supervisor has not been told about this situation. He's been kept out of the loop as well. So I told him.
Magan: But after that happened. I did try to practice my breathing. It did not go well.
Magan: Um, when I was sitting in front of him. I sort of shaking. I started crying. I was so angry. I started crying.
Magan: Because I felt like he was throwing all of that shit on me and instead of saying, hey, Megan. Good job. I know we don't have a supervisor here for guidance. I know that.
Magan: You were the one that had to make all the tough choices and that this is all unchartered territory and you did a good job. But let's work on this, you know, something like that. But that's not how he did it.
Magan: So I was crying. I was angry, and I walked out and then. So when I went to go call him last night, I had to speak to him. And that's what I was nervous about
Magan: Just circle back around here original question.
Magan: So I spoke to him directly. And I was like, I'm calling in. I don't want to cause any issues. I'm just gonna stay at home. Today I'll be in tomorrow.
Magan: And okay, and they sent out an email that if you're running a fever or you have a cough or something that matches designed to call that you need to call the number
Magan: And get checked. I don't want to get checked because I know it's I don't feel it's along those lines, I feel that stress has caught up to me. That's what I really feel
Magan: If it gets worse than I will contact the number. So Megan.
I'm Chris
Magan: Okay, okay, this is what Chris could have said.
Making your amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm going to need a fall guy and my frontline people
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys, you guys are everything so um yeah I don't want to ever hear back that you say
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if someone else says it. So what we're going to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: We're just going to write down symptoms. So what we'll be doing is to cover our own ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: What we're going to do is when people say that word, you'll say um can you describe the symptoms that you are attributing that term to please could you describe them, please. And then they do that and then you write them down and then that's how we report it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so yeah, so I dropped the ball and large organizations dropped the ball. And so I'm going to go ahead and blame you. Because I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't blame my bosses for those 91 people in the airport, I can't do that. So I'm going to go ahead and blame you for that. And so, yeah, try and work under those conditions. Um so yeah come today, right.
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not going to say you're not going to do that.
Magan: And that's exactly what it felt like it felt like, like, wait a second.
Magan: You haven't even sent out directives on what we're supposed to say
Magan: That's right, even even sent directives which 1am I supposed to say not. Am I not supposed to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so pin.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are a reactive species.
Gwenevere Abriel: The protocol will come
Gwenevere Abriel: From that mistake in the airport sad to say, but that's what we species do you are proactive taken off your shoes before you walk in the house. You have that kind of mentality that's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people don't
Gwenevere Abriel: And it is varying yet for your proactive type of personality so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really neat what you did. I wish he could have praised you and said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow. Yeah. You, you basically kept it together and didn't flip out and didn't overuse that we're investing in, say, it sort of okay and you took ownership for the one time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You you transfer this word from from P to cove it and you owned it. My god, there's really nothing to tell you needing over. Keep up the good work. Let me better define what we do when people
Gwenevere Abriel: Use the word and how we're going to document it so that we're not culpable. We're not responsible for setting in motion more chaos. So I wish he took that opportunity to define exactly sort of that what to do the protocol.
Magan: And he didn't like the thing is, it's funny. It's like you didn't even give me like a pat on the shoulder like nothing, not even an uplifting remark.
Magan: And, to be quite honest, your lack of scheduling lack of having a proper third person on night shift is what caused this problem to begin with.
Magan: There wasn't a third person in the room and I was stuck with a person that's been there less than six months and honestly has no idea what the fuck to do. So technically, it was all on me.
Magan: Yeah and that person got to the hospital. They got safely to the hospital and and the seizure kid got safely to last, it'll all my officers are safe and alive, nobody's in danger.
Magan: Everyone be contaminated everything. So tell me why the higher ups allowed 91 people into the terminal and not only alone 91 people into the terminal to expose everybody else.
Magan: But then they love allowed them to rebook flights, not the same one that they were already on that got cancelled, but we booked flights and spread out and go across the country everywhere.
Magan: Let's take this
Magan: Fucking idiot and I really wanted to call the news.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I
Magan: Wanted to I wanted to call the new soul bag.
Magan: And I've never done that with my job. Yeah, I've never felt that way because I see some shit. Yeah, I really do. And, and I see some shady shit but this this was really shady. And I was like, You mother.
Magan: But I cried, and then I apologize. I took responsibility, he just said.
Magan: I accept your apology. Thank you.
Magan: That's what he said. Yeah, okay.
Magan: I felt like I was talking to my dad.
Magan: Yeah, so that's what it felt like
Gwenevere Abriel: From from as far as productivity.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a bit of a waste of your time to go there. But as far as the therapeutic benefit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see some interesting things happening. I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: You cried, which is not the same thing as completely overwhelmed, you are able to still talk you apologize for something
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's not the same as did you go into the bathroom and just completely collapse. Did you stop taking calls
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. Do you realize how much emotional regulation, you had to do, even though you say, oh, I didn't do the breathing. I couldn't pull it off and couldn't pull it off.
Magan: You and I was sitting there, I was looking at my hand and I couldn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's okay. That's why I try to tell you guys, the social pressure, especially if it's someone with power and authority over us.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's almost insurmountable. It's really hard to do. So don't be hard on yourself, then we do it the next second that we can for you to have still had the wherewithal to be able to apologize for a year. Little piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if it's not true, like the fact that you were able to find even the morsel to get through that social encounter is brilliant.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you got out of that room because there was nothing productive that was going to happen. He, he found a fall guy, he could find some blame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of all the things he could have picked up on that call that he could focus on he focused on this tiny little thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he called you out on it. You could have seen all kinds of great things that you did well.
Gwenevere Abriel: He could have he could have used this piece of information and held a meeting and made sure there was new procedures in place. He could have found this utterly productive and really used it as a as a as a
Magan: teaching tool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but he didn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's convenient for him. He found a piece of blame this this little person said she was sorry, and now the issue Stein. It's hardly done that's done.
Magan: Well, the thing is,
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to get behind.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much you did, you had to stay seated, you didn't keep crying. You said you were sorry you left the room and you worked. You got through the day.
Don't forget that.
Gwenevere Abriel: People that are overwhelmed can't keep taking life or death calls
They can't function.
Magan: Well, I definitely went back to work and I did my shift the whole eight hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're amazing.
Magan: You have
Gwenevere Abriel: You had a completely invalidating experience for these minutes you had to know deep inside that you
Gwenevere Abriel: You make great choices the bet with the information that you have for those calls
Gwenevere Abriel: You make great choices.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them, you know, one little piece of it. You didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: What you didn't know. Well, now you know. Okay, fine. And, and, frankly, you're very likely it's going to happen again because it's going to be a gotcha. It's a gotcha, gotcha, gotcha environment law gotcha, gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so we'll talk about that in a second. But I don't want to miss this moment by saying you handled it. You did a lot to get through that. So you're saying I didn't remember this breathing, you had to do some things to regulate yourself. What did you do
Magan: Well, I asked him for a minute. I said, Just give me a second.
Magan: And, well, why, like why like continued to cry. Yeah, but I got it out.
Magan: And I felt, and I apologize for crying. But he said, you know, it's okay if I have daughters. I know what it's like have dealt with this emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan: I was like, excuse me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Magan: Yeah, okay.
Magan: Nothing to do with the reason why
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a discriminatory statement.
Magan: About yeah
Magan: Okay, moving on. It's exactly what he did.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan: So he and then he. What else did he say
Magan: Well, I then I bought up. I said, well, Chris, I understand. I'm going to take responsibility for my situation. I'm not trying to put point the finger at anybody else. However, there was a lot of
Magan: Opportunities for miscommunications. And he goes, Well, yeah, I noticed that the calls kept getting dropped. I was like, yeah, we put in the work order for it. Nobody's fixed it every time I tried to transfer call the call gets dropped
Magan: And I was like, so he kind of tried to put that on me as well. And I was like, No, no, no, no. There's a work order into that. And I was like,
Magan: Also, all of you guys have each other's numbers. So why am I calling the director of the airport in the middle of the night, when the chain of command is supposed to be contacting each other.
Magan: Like
Magan: I was like, I read the email that says that chain of command will notify chain of command I was I the one that was doing all of it.
Magan: And he goes, well, Jane asked you to do it. I was like, correct. And I did it, I was like, but the phones are not are not my problem. That's not my issue they get dropped this because there's a technical issue going on in there that I can't fix
Magan: And I told him, I said, James had his book out in front of and following that direction by direction on how to park a call and transfer it and it wasn't working.
Magan: And then I just kind of
Magan: So when I when I was crying.
Magan: My voice gets kind of caught and I was
Magan: I was breathing, but I wasn't breathing. The way that you taught me to breathe.
Magan: I was taking deep breaths and I was looking up and I was blowing out okay because I was really upset.
Magan: Because, and I told him I I please excuse me, I apologize for crying. However, when I get upset and I get extremely emotional. This is how my body reacts. That's what I told him. Yeah, and
Magan: Then he made that daughter comment and I you know I actually got really upset about that. I was like, you
Magan: Like you
Magan: Like, and I even said it in my head like you're a fucking pig your tour girls your four daughters.
Magan: But OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the have a thought. I don't know if it's useful to you, but this is what would have been going on for me if I was in that chair that you were in it would be something
Gwenevere Abriel: That's interesting cross right the chain of command. Typically, you know, manager, supervisor someone that's had years of experience and
Gwenevere Abriel: critical incident discussions and larger systems decision making, they tend to talk to each other. I was directed to do it. I don't have the training, nor the title. Are you going to continue to be comfortable with my taking that role on
Magan: Oh, that's good.
Magan: So this is what I'm taking from that.
Magan: Because this just this just came into my head as you just said that.
Magan: If I get asked by the associate director to contact the director and CIO and everybody else. I'm going to ask them if they could please do it.
Magan: I would appreciate it if they do it. That's what I want to say, but then I'm asked to do something. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly what I'm talking about. But you don't lose all your
Gwenevere Abriel: Power right there. So notice how the power is in. I'm not interested in being set up as the fall guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So any
Gwenevere Abriel: Director. What the what I am happy to be in service to whatever directives I receive. I don't have formal training in this. Can you please identify how you would like me to
Gwenevere Abriel: Address, blah blah blah, in case my authority is called into question when the director of the airport asked me, I can say I was directed by user to do ABC. What are those things. I haven't got proper training in this one. Is it that you'd like me to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is allocating up. This is managing up right what I just did. This is not my idea. I'm airport, blah, blah. I was informed to follow the following procedures and and I'm relaying this to you. And this is care of the authority of
Magan: And you know what's really weird is when this was all happening. I felt really proud of myself.
Magan: I really did. And, and even James the
Magan: Person that was in the room with me. He turned and he said, Megan you handle that, like a boss.
Magan: Yeah, like, he's like, You did so good. He goes every you had everything done before I even needed to ask, do I need to do this or do this. It was already done it was or you're already
Magan: completing the task. He's like, You just, you did really good and he's lower than me on the totem pole seniority wise but he's my equal. He's my tier
Magan: And he said that to me. And it meant a lot to me. And then when he saw that I came in upset but I continued my shift. He asked me what was wrong and I shared with him what happened. I left parts out but I shared with him because he was in that experience with
Magan: He experienced the whole thing from beginning to end with me and he goes, I strongly, strongly disagree with this. And he goes, Chris came into the room was in, he said to me.
Magan: Oh officers in the paramedics had already decided that he wasn't cold, but he was like, No, sir. That's not what happened. They told us on air that they're going to treat it as a coven case.
Magan: But they figured it out in the field that that wasn't the case. So the only way that you can confirm that somebody is not coded positive is what they have a test on
Magan: And that shut the fuck up. He was like, well, it's taken care of. But James. James kind of pushed he he he pushed and it was kind of cool to see that like
Magan: He was like, no, wait a second, you're not going to back this into corners here. Like, you can't just confirm that Sunday's not co good positive because you're in the field with them.
Magan: Like they said it on a recorded air on a radio traffic air.
Magan: But I've shared it with James and James told me that he just strongly disagreed with the whole outcome of the whole event and he and he just said, You know, I'm just little me, but I do think that you did a great job and I just said, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Megan you the experience that you're learning right now about what doesn't work. What does work is going to make you an outstanding supervisor. If you decide to pursue that.
Magan: Well, I've been trying to I've asked in. Hey, can I take the pre management class. Oh, no. You have to be here a year before that can happen. Okay, well I've been here a year. I'd like to take the cream management class.
Magan: We, we can't. There's no room for it right now. Right now we're just focusing on building up the, the, what did he say building up the bodies in the center. And I was like, so every time I try to
Magan: To request training or request. I tried to take the train the trainer class. He won't let him take it. I tried to trick. Take the pre management course he won't let me take it every time that I've tried to reach out and build myself up. I get put down. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that all have done also happening in email.
Magan: Us know
Magan: So that is something that I've now learned
Magan: A LOT FROM HERE ON WHO I AM email. Well, since the Sydney thing happened. Yeah I email everything now everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey Chris, um, you know, we discussed yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had followed up with you after a year because six months ago, I had come to you wanting to pursue this training I've now met the year requirement and you're saying you're building the bodies up
Gwenevere Abriel: You use some phrasing about doing that. I'm assuming you mean you want certain staffing criteria, um, I'd like to know what that criteria is and also if there are other other things that I can be doing to demonstrate my my commitment to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just it's
Gwenevere Abriel: And then he has to respond because I don't know if he's some of
Magan: The emails I sent him. Yeah, he doesn't respond
Magan: It doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter if he responds
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, doesn't matter. There's nothing to do with it. This has to do with later on when someone says,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you go like this. Oh, what the what this person just got a promotion to supervisor or they just hired someone and not you, then you go like this. This is conflicting information. I don't understand.
Magan: Very good.
Magan: And that you just let it
Gwenevere Abriel: Go and you don't have to hold it in your head anymore. You've already timestamp, that it sent he's elected not to respond to you. There's every communication issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually know I've been communicating my interest to do this. I see him giving feedback to these people. This is confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't understand. He could have sent me an email and responded to it and didn't. And it's just sits there, those are facts. They just float around in an email with a timestamp on them.
Magan: So you know how. Um, I don't know if I told you this or not but I took on Lost and Found
Magan: I asked for more. I asked her more responsibility.
Magan: To show my willingness to I want to move up really, really want to be a supervisor and I think it would be a good supervisor, um,
Magan: But I did. I took on Lost and Found for more responsibility and then you know the cabinet in which we hold the Lost and Found items before they get dropped off for city auction Sydney had access to that cabinet.
Magan: And I requested that her key be removed because I felt it was a conflict of interest.
Magan: She refused to give the key to my supervisor and said no. So we took it up the chain of command. I told him he said he would take care of it.
Magan: And I asked him about it. Recently I was wondering if the key situation has been resolved, because I'd like to continue with last time, but I don't feel comfortable doing so until I know that
Magan: He was like, oh yeah, it's been taken care of.
Magan: Just that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you're asking open ended question resolved could be he did. He did three jumping jacks.
Magan: Whether exactly the key.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she have a key, sir. That's the question.
Magan: And so that's my thing here because he has that relationship with her. That's very inappropriate.
Magan: I feel like that is my I feel like that's my obstacle.
Magan: I really do, because she hates me so much.
Magan: She does stains me one. She fucking hates me.
Magan: She makes it
Magan: Very obvious that she hates me. She makes it playing PLAINLY OBVIOUS for everyone to see.
Magan: And I wonder if maybe that has an effect on
Magan: All these things that happen with Chris like
Magan: Like this situation. Perhaps he got an earful and he had to take it out on somebody, and I was as fallout person, I don't know, but
Magan: I feel like I keep trying and I get knocked down and he's not noticing the things that I'm trying to do the work that I'm doing. I just keep getting negative the negative and negative
Magan: And that's it's
Magan: It takes a toll.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's look at what you did today called out right
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: A sore throat.
Magan: When
Gwenevere Abriel: Symbolically, things are unsaid. And we're sick in the throat.
Magan: Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah.
Magan: And I don't like to call in. I like, I like to be reliable.
Gwenevere Abriel: You also have a piece and this is so amazing, you know these things you're making all of this profound progress I truly do believe
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've mentioned this situation with Sydney
Gwenevere Abriel: There are times you've acknowledged, I kind of want to
Gwenevere Abriel: retaliate, a little bit. I kind of want to show her put her in her place. Like I want her to feel like how I feel.
Magan: And beyond this. Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was very big of you to say that if you can hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that humility and really see that it might still be happening in more sun ways that and that's called
Gwenevere Abriel: A power struggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're in a power struggle with someone
Gwenevere Abriel: And both of you don't know what it's really rough to get out of it if if at least one of you knows it, it's better. It's even better when both of you know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then of course it can stop, but he if you're starting to kind of get that you might be in a power struggle with her.
Magan: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Over the lost and found the key. It'll be over. Little things like the key, it is difficult to see.
Magan: Oh, that's what I asked him in that meeting when he was telling me this, I noticed that came out that power struggle issue came out because I asked him, Is everyone else aware of this issue.
Magan: So, and when I stepped away after I was like, why did I ask that question I and I thought about it. The reason why I asked that question is because I didn't want Sydney to know about my failure.
Magan: I didn't want her to know about my getting in trouble or doing something wrong and getting called out and getting yelled that I didn't want her to be aware of it to get
Magan: But that's true. I was I legitimately stepped away. I was like, why did I ask that. And that's why it's really comes down to her. I don't want her to know that I failed, but
Gwenevere Abriel: See, you know what's really interesting is
Gwenevere Abriel: How can you fail at something when you didn't have clear directive.
Magan: Exactly but to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter if you had a hair out of place.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will you don't get about power, you know that the power struggle is it doesn't matter what it's about. The they're going to come at you with with nonsense and you both kind of if it's true. If that struggle is going on between you two. It can be over just petty little nothing's
Gwenevere Abriel: Because at least this other person doesn't have the power doesn't look like they know more than me because they're you guys are in this this particular dynamic
Gwenevere Abriel: She has more
Magan: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's sleeping with the guy.
Magan: She's a supervisor.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she's a supervisor. So you're going to lose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone needs to tell mega nap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now between you and I, if you can handle this with with grace.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to end up being the winner. Okay, you're going to have healthy functioning relationships, you're going to be an amazing commander of whoever you oversee
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to know it from both sides. You're going to be proactive. It's going to be well delivered and communicated and we when people do leave with their emotions, you're going to meet them with compassion.
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll be able to meet them with compassion and hold them accountable and then they're not just their aspect.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not just your body's response to stress response.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're also very capable of a functioning in the most stressful job among a few on the planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: With no clear directives.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what that business is as I failed, but your mindset around the power struggle piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sydney. It's not worth. It's not worth it. But you don't know that yet, you're still in it.
Magan: It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to get you the outcome. I think the undercurrent is
Gwenevere Abriel: I like this job. I like, I like that. I can make quick effective good solid decisions, even in the absence of clear directives, I think you like that about yourself now. Not a lot of people, James caught it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see it. And I have a very fragile grasp on really what you're doing. I, but I know you've got it. And I think you like it in you and that's what keeps you in this job.
Magan: I think you're right. With that, because
Magan: Every decision. So a lot of my powers were taken away for a very long time in a lot of ways.
Magan: I'm against my will and
Magan: I didn't say anything or I didn't do anything. I've heard every single response as to why that was the way that it was right. But for me.
Magan: When I'm working in this job when I'm answering a call and I'm handling it literally from beginning to end. And I'm directing my officers to get them to go somewhere to do something and they listen
Magan: And I make a choice that I know not only protects them.
Magan: But it protects all the people involved. That gives me
Magan: It gives it gives me. What is the word. It's like
Magan: We it's it's re confirming that feeling of
Magan: Suck. Yeah. You know, like, yes.
Magan: Like, it's a good feeling. It's not a bad feeling and even when it is really, really hard.
Magan: Like I've been there over a year. And that's the first time that I've ever been called into a room and told no, no, no, no, no.
Magan: I've been there almost two years and that's the first time that's happened.
Magan: So I feel like I'm doing something right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's use the
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's give this some some words so it can have some some usefulness on this. It's if that is fueling if it feeds something if it gives you what you need, right, that
Gwenevere Abriel: I can count on my own intellect.
Gwenevere Abriel: My own
Magan: Decision making.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can count on my own decision making. I see it call after call after call the complex nature of my own decision making, not only on a small groupings, but the larger community.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can rely on that. That's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just say it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say it feeds and fuels the I'm enough
Magan: Yeah, I absolutely think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now let's go to the power struggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: With
Gwenevere Abriel: How does. I want to be the only one to have the key to
Gwenevere Abriel: Boston found
Gwenevere Abriel: How does that fuel I'm enough
Magan: It means I'm enough because she gave it up. It's been handed to me.
Magan: Upon request.
Magan: And now I'm in charge of it and
Magan: I was trusted enough. I was
Magan: I was
Magan: Believed in enough to be able to handle this from beginning 10
Magan: Successful and I don't want anybody fucking it up for me. And she has that power if she has that key. She has that power if she doesn't have that key and I'm enough. I can do this. But if she has that key everything's fucked up. That's how that's how it feels to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it comes down to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This puts me in such a risky position because of accountability.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the chain of command is subject to error. I'm going to pull back from this position of working in Lost and Found Chris when you just leave it to me. It eliminates all these other pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I have only myself to answer for where things are placed set and accounted for. I really want to demonstrate to you that I can take on these additional responsibilities, but when it's shared with someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Goes works both ways. She might end up being held responsible for something. Maybe I did or didn't do. And it works both ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'm going to pull back on the key position and I'm going to go ahead and if she wants to completely different to me. And when you guys decide that I really want that more but I'm really uncomfortable with that being shared. She and I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Not a real
Gwenevere Abriel: Flow of communication and it's risky. So I'm going to pull back from that now.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, what does that make you think about that, that option is out there.
Well,
Magan: I did say that actually along, um,
Magan: So I said to him,
Magan: Chris i'm i'm really not comfortable with the idea of both Sydney and I having access to the same items if one of them goes missing. My name is on all those papers right now not only leaves me
Magan: In a, in a tight situation or at risk. It also leaves Sydney at risk, and I did say this
Magan: And I said to him I would feel more comfortable if I just give it back to her. At this point, I had no idea that
Magan: It was going to be such a struggle to try to get a key for lost and found when she stated she no longer wanted to no longer wanted the responsibility.
Magan: So until she's ready to actually give it up. I think perhaps you should still handle. And he said, no, he said he was going to take care of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but that's
Gwenevere Abriel: What is about everything.
Magan: Uh huh. And then when I addressed him again and asked him, Hey, what's going on with the key situation, it's been resolved that that gives me know keep one
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't ask closed ended questions.
Magan: And that's my problem. I should have asked him straight up is the key in your possession
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, but the
Gwenevere Abriel: Other among other there's all these other solutions. It might be you're in this power struggle and it might be time to pull back. I don't know. But my point is
Gwenevere Abriel: If the men. If you're going to have to have this I'm enough
Gwenevere Abriel: By having the key.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might end up
Magan: hurting myself in the long run.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm enough could be filled with I'm enough and I don't need this position. This is dangerous. I'm going to lose when people are there, there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Dual relationship going on that and you've got someone who gives you fav responses, who isn't a credible person who's saying it's been handled they talking outside of their mouth. If it's handled. Excellent. So we say for media to assume that no one else has access to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm now responsible. So, is that right, no one else has a key you don't follow it up with
Magan: So I'm going to do that tonight.
Magan: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, but it could be this other thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might assess the situation. If you really see him.
Gwenevere Abriel: That he's unable to give you a direct answer you could really piss him off. He may not want to answer your direct question and it might be just saying that it might be time to say I'm enough
Gwenevere Abriel: The timing of me taking on more responsibility, the composition of the Sydney, Chris affair with her as my supervisor. This isn't the right timing. I'm enough
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not going to be working Lost and Found. Now I'm trying to understand. Man, I can't, I can't possibly give you advice. I'm just saying that you can get the I'm enough piece, you can get the the the
Magan: Without the last in film.
Gwenevere Abriel: In fact it reaffirms it by saying I don't need this. I'm good. Oh, you know what, Chris.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'll keep my eye out. And please let me know if another opportunity where I can really demonstrate additional responsibility comes up, but I think I think at this point. Here's the key.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not and and i just i hit a hit an email, right before I came in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, it's putting so much
Gwenevere Abriel: You know risk into not being able to see who's responsible for something going missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just it kind of occupies my mind. And there's this crisis going on in our community and really want to focus my attention here and go do a better job when I'm not having to wonder, you know, whether something might go missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, guess who's in charge you.
Magan: He is
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you are. You said here your ski.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you put it in an email and you're done you're waiting for him. You giveaway giveaway here when. How about now when when when when when when you got your answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just don't like it.
Magan: He has
Gwenevere Abriel: Answers. Now I'm sleeping with this girl woman, whatever, and work it out. And again,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's handle stuff coming to my office about it, but you don't like, sir. That's different than you got an answer.
Magan: No, you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he doesn't sound like the China get
Magan: Hard to buy it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where the power. That's where the I'm enough comes in. That's where you go, I'm in a power struggle and you let go and you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm enough
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, Chris. I'm going to keep my eye out for another opportunity and and then you continue if you decide to go that route of accountability through email I you know I'm you know like we talked about before. I'll keep my eye out for another one. This one doesn't seem, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Seemed like the best one I want. You know what I'll do is I'll focus my attention here it seems like you know there's, you know, and hey if you're open. I can give you some ideas about how to
Gwenevere Abriel: Set up some protocol, maybe you know you planning on doing that in the next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of some difference, you know, specific ways of speaking to folks that kind of our labeling at this how you want us to label it when we are doing the dispatch over here and here. I'll keep my eye out for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's managing up you guys, nobody teaches you how to manage up
Magan: I have another question of which is kind of separate from this, but so I spoke to Dr. Aubrey al about my medication. So my pain levels have been extremely high lately.
Magan: Especially like when I wake up, I'm really, really stiff on it's hard to get my body moving my back is just, it's locked up. I'm in so much pain and all I can experience like pain, pain, pain, pain. So I've been taking five milligrams instead of four.
Magan: And I cut myself short on that because I did that. And granted, I have to give Dr. Aubrey out for do she didn't argue with me. She didn't fight with me, she didn't like knock me down and say, oh, no, you're doing this wrong. She said, okay, and I really, really, really appreciated that.
Magan: A lot
Magan: But I think
Magan: Does it mean I'm failing at the program because I went up to five rather than stay at four and granted my prescription does say four milligrams, but I've been taking five every day because of my pain.
Magan: So I don't know what that does for me in the program or if that messes everything up for my prescription. I just want to make sure that I communicate this with somebody, so that you're aware
Magan: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like to talk to her about it.
Magan: Well, I did, but I didn't say that, like, hey, on permanently on five milligrams. She's still she's still prescribed four milligrams. So I think the best option is to go to group. I don't know when my group is though.
Magan: You miss it. You, you, you.
Gwenevere Abriel: told me you were going to go. I wrote it down, you are going to go march 23
Gwenevere Abriel: down now.
Magan: Oh, crap. Okay, can I go next week because I had the money to go. So I set it aside to make sure that I can go
Gwenevere Abriel: So next group is
Gwenevere Abriel: March 30 at you're saying you want to go at 1pm
Magan: Yes, please.
Magan: Okay, I'll go to that one. Let me put it in my schedule as well. I will attend that and I'll just talk to her. Then, and let her know
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've only got three minutes left.
Gwenevere Abriel: We touched on a lot of issues.
The
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll let the physician kind of handle the I self medicated but that is self medication.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't use the word fail, but that's a word he used in the work to hey I failed. I mad at myself. Now you see things in that pass fail and don't quite see it like that. So I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Good copy her will get to kind of process that if you want, or if there's time I'll even know what's going to, you know, we never know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Magan: I will attend to 30 I will. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got a couple minutes here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you coming away with today. What are you leaving with what's important, what's going to you're going to be sort of sitting with and marinating in here.
Magan: I think when I'm going to be sitting with today.
Magan: Is processing and really applying the I Am enough in regards to this key situation.
Magan: I really have to, I really wanted lost and found that I wanted it bad. Not just because I think it's cool, but also because it really is an opportunity for me to show more responsibility and incentive to rise.
Magan: But if that is not if this is not that opportunity. I have to accept that. And I think that's what I need to focus on today. That's what I need to marinate on again.
Magan: Yes. Is acceptance of the fact that this may not be that opportunity that I wanted for myself.
Magan: And it is putting me in in a very sticky situation and it is really only continuing this power struggle with Sydney. It's only making it worse.
Magan: So if it's not all on my shoulders. At that point, and I washed my hands of it, of course, I still have to do Lost and Found regardless because everybody does, but I won't be in charge of the whole system.
Magan: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe what will happen is they will notice the inconvenience of how much you've been doing. And maybe, maybe they will throw up their hands and say, You know what, here's the key, the only key. We don't know.
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a possibility to. We don't know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you're not engaged in a power struggle, at least not around the key. It might still come up in three other pockets, but
Magan: You're free one less for me to worry what
Gwenevere Abriel: One less. So there's endless possibilities, but that's got that one. That one's something you're going to give something
Magan: I am
Magan: Do you want. Thank you for today.
Magan: Yes. Next Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Magan: And I would like to do, em, Dr. Next Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So, yeah.
Magan: I just need to go break through a little block.
Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good thing. Now those of you who really do the intense pieces there needs to be a little, a little extra time to really like get all the way past the OH MY GOSH moment and then sell it back in and I'm happy to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's do it.
Magan: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan: I mean, I noticed that it's helping I noticed that things are happening when it's happening. And that carries significance for me and
Magan: I don't know, I, I just see growth in different areas. I do. So it's subtle, but it's there, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Subtle but meaningful.
Magan: Yes. So, but meaningful. It is this and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Fighting because.
Magan: Trying to look out for a little meeting, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of what you said early on, and then I'll have to go by, I can see my client WAITING IN THERE IS ON YOU SAID, I'M AFRAID. This won't work.
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It didn't work before
Magan: Yeah, before like a train wreck. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So take take time and really see what you just said in
Gwenevere Abriel: Small meaningful ways I'm changing I'm taking care of a little Meghan
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's what it's all about.
Exactly.
Magan: It I'm I appreciate it. I do. It's intense, don't get me wrong, it is intense. Well,
Magan: It's a, it's worth. It's worth the juice is worth the squeeze
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I look
Gwenevere Abriel: forward to seeing you on Monday.
Magan: I will see you on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I need to send a message to the doc. Do you need. Do you have enough medication to get you to Monday.
Magan: Oh, yeah, yeah. I have enough to get me to Monday.
Magan: All right, and then I'm just going to talk to her, let her know I hope she doesn't get upset with me.
Magan: For self medicating but
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll talk on Monday.
Magan: I'll see you Monday. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, bye.
Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta ask you to do me a favor. I'm going to separate all of my zoom meetings, one from each other. So we're both if you're willing going to log out and come back in like five seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. By four seconds five seconds. They come right back.